a frantic search through the rubble in
the compound of one of the world's
oldest churches hundreds of Palestinians
displaced by the war had been Sheltering
there they believed it was one of the
last remaining places of safety from
Israeli
bombardment there were no weapons or
anything in the church children are
missing we can't find them we're still
unable to find them there were no
Christians left I was in the church and
all those who were in the church were
Christians enough is enough we are
really tired the Church of St perus has
a history dating back 1600 years located
in gaza's Old City it's only a couple of
hundred meters away from gaza's Baptist
Hospital which suffered a separate
strike just days ago killing hundreds I
am a Christian in Gaza you are in in
Gaza I am a Christian in Gaza and Muslim
in G in a statement the Orthodox
patriarch of Jerusalem condemned the the
strike saying targeting churches and
their institutions along with the
shelters they provide to protect
innocent citizens constitute a war crime
that can't be ignored the Israeli
military is not commented on the strike
we've seen a history of the Israeli
government you know targeting mosques
targeting churches and uh in the West
Bank included you know the Nativity
Church in Bethlehem was was attacked in
2002 during the second
uprising the church itself has sustained
damage with the building next to it
destroyed many of those Sheltering there
had fled Northern Gaza after a warning
by the Israeli military for residents to
escape for their own safety but this
latest strike echoed a statement from
the UN earlier this week that no place
is safe in Gaza Paul ging Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
jaer